# 0x02. C - Functions, nested loops
## Resources :books:

* [Nested while loops](https://intranet.hbtn.io/rltoken/L0Vf5XJdD7ylLOyQnzVY6Q)
* [C - Functions](https://intranet.hbtn.io/rltoken/pU9KLKlz0W2ZSSlzJsYA7w)
* [Learning to Program in C (Part 06) ](https://intranet.hbtn.io/rltoken/pu-exPylodWaQjU7f6KhYQ)
* [What is the purpose of a function prototype?](https://intranet.hbtn.io/rltoken/bANgUAj_-F9_85yHxzSD6w)
* [C - Header Files](https://intranet.hbtn.io/rltoken/xC6XfUoznEIJgfdP52GUIw)

## Learning Objectives :bulb:
* What are nested loops and how to use them
* What is a function and how do you use functions
* What is the difference between a declaration and a definition of a function
* What is a prototype
* Scope of variables
* What are the `gcc` flags `-Wall` `-Werror` `-pedantic` `-Wextra`
* What are header files and how to to use them with `#include`

## Requirements :white_check_mark:
* Allowed editors: `vi`, `vim`, `emacs`
* All your files will be compiled on Ubuntu 14.04 LTS
* Your programs and functions will be compiled with `gcc` 4.8.4 using the flags `-Wall` `-Werror` `-Wextra` and `-pedantic`
* All your files should end with a new line
* A `README.md` file, at the root of the folder of the project is mandatory
* Your code should use the `Betty` style. It will be checked using betty-style.pl and betty-doc.pl
* You are not allowed to use global variables
* No more than 5 functions per file
* You are not allowed to use the standard library. Any use of functions like `printf`, `puts`, etc… is forbidden
* You are allowed to use _putchar
* You don’t have to push `_putchar.c`, we will use our file. If you do it won’t be taken into account
* In the following examples, the `main.c` files are shown as examples. You can use them to test your functions, but you don’t have to push them to your repo (if you do we won’t take them into account). We will use our own `main.c` files at compilation. Our `main.c` files might be different from the one shown in the examples
* The prototypes of all your functions and the prototype of the function `_putchar` should be included in your header file called `holberton.h`
* Don’t forget to push your header file

## Tasks :page_with_curl:

### Mandatory
- [x] **[0-holberton.c](./0-holberton.c)** - Write a program that prints Holberton, followed by a new line.
- [x] **[1-alphabet.c](./1-alphabet.c)** - Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
- [x] **[2-print_alphabet_x10.c](./2-print_alphabet_x10.c)** - Write a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
- [x] **[3-islower.c](./3-islower.c)** - Write a function that checks for lowercase character.
- [x] **[4-isalpha.c](./4-isalpha.c)** - Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.
- [x] **[5-sign.c](./5-sign.c)** - Write a function that prints the sign of a number.
- [x] **[6-abs.c](./6-abs.c)** - Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.
- [x] **[7-main.c](./7-main.c)** - Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.
- [x] **[8-24_hours.c](./8-24_hours.c)** - Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.
- [x] **[9-times_table.c](./9-times_table.c)** - Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.
- [x] **[10-add.c](./10-add.c)** - Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.
- [x] **[11-print_to_98.c](./11-print_to_98.c)** - Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.

### Advance
- [ ] **[100-times_table.c](./100-times_table.c)** - Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.
- [ ] **[101-natural.c](./101-natural.c)** - If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.
- [ ] **[102-fibonacci.c](./102-fibonacci.c)** - Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
- [ ] **[103-fibonacci.c](./103-fibonacci.c)** - Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.
- [ ] **[104-fibonacci.c](./104-fibonacci.c)** - Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

## Author :pencil:
**Santiago Peña Mosquera** - twitter [@Santiag11470161](https://twitter.com/Santiag11470161) - LinkedIn [Santiago Peña Mosquera](https://www.linkedin.com/in/santiago-pe%C3%B1a-mosquera-abaa20196/)
